README.md, before:

### Escodegen [![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/Constellation/escodegen.svg)](http://travis-ci.org/Constellation/escodegen) [![Build Status](https://drone.io/github.com/Constellation/escodegen/status.png)](https://drone.io/github.com/Constellation/escodegen/latest) [![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/Constellation/escodegen/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/Constellation/escodegen#info=devDependencies)

Escodegen ([escodegen](http://github.com/Constellation/escodegen)) is an
[ECMAScript](http://www.ecma-international.org/publications/standards/Ecma-262.htm)
(also popularly known as [JavaScript](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript>JavaScript))
code generator from [Mozilla's Parser API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en/SpiderMonkey/Parser_API)
AST. See the [online generator](https://constellation.github.io/escodegen/demo/index.html)
for a demo.


### Install

Escodegen can be used in a web browser:

    <script src="escodegen.browser.js"></script>

escodegen.browser.js can be found in tagged revisions on GitHub.

Or in a Node.js application via npm:

    npm install escodegen

### Usage

A simple example: the program

    escodegen.generate({
        type: 'BinaryExpression',
        operator: '+',
        left: { type: 'Literal', value: 40 },
        right: { type: 'Literal', value: 2 }
    });

produces the string `'40 + 2'`.

See the [API page](https://github.com/Constellation/escodegen/wiki/API) for
options. To run the tests, execute `npm test` in the root directory.

### Building browser bundle / minified browser bundle

At first, execute `npm install` to install the all dev dependencies.
After that,

    npm run-script build

will generate `escodegen.browser.js`, which can be used in browser environments.

And,

    npm run-script build-min

will generate the minified file `escodegen.browser.min.js`.

### License

#### Escodegen

Copyright (C) 2012 [Yusuke Suzuki](http://github.com/Constellation)
 (twitter: [@Constellation](http://twitter.com/Constellation)) and other contributors.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

  * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

  * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL <COPYRIGHT HOLDER> BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

#### source-map

SourceNodeMocks has a limited interface of mozilla/source-map SourceNode implementations.

Copyright (c) 2009-2011, Mozilla Foundation and contributors
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
  list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

* Neither the names of the Mozilla Foundation nor the names of project
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
  software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Commit message:

Adds JSX support. All relevant tests from esprima-fb pass.

README.md, after:

### JSX Support for Escodegen

This fork adds the ability to generate JSX files from an AST given by
Facebook's JSX-parsing fork of Esprima.

### Escodegen [![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/Constellation/escodegen.svg)](http://travis-ci.org/Constellation/escodegen) [![Build Status](https://drone.io/github.com/Constellation/escodegen/status.png)](https://drone.io/github.com/Constellation/escodegen/latest) [![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/Constellation/escodegen/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/Constellation/escodegen#info=devDependencies)

Escodegen ([escodegen](http://github.com/Constellation/escodegen)) is an
[ECMAScript](http://www.ecma-international.org/publications/standards/Ecma-262.htm)
(also popularly known as [JavaScript](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript>JavaScript))
code generator from [Mozilla's Parser API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en/SpiderMonkey/Parser_API)
AST. See the [online generator](https://constellation.github.io/escodegen/demo/index.html)
for a demo.


### Install

Escodegen can be used in a web browser:

    <script src="escodegen.browser.js"></script>

escodegen.browser.js can be found in tagged revisions on GitHub.

Or in a Node.js application via npm:

    npm install escodegen

### Usage

A simple example: the program

    escodegen.generate({
        type: 'BinaryExpression',
        operator: '+',
        left: { type: 'Literal', value: 40 },
        right: { type: 'Literal', value: 2 }
    });

produces the string `'40 + 2'`.

See the [API page](https://github.com/Constellation/escodegen/wiki/API) for
options. To run the tests, execute `npm test` in the root directory.

### Building browser bundle / minified browser bundle

At first, execute `npm install` to install the all dev dependencies.
After that,

    npm run-script build

will generate `escodegen.browser.js`, which can be used in browser environments.

And,

    npm run-script build-min

will generate the minified file `escodegen.browser.min.js`.

### License

#### Escodegen

Copyright (C) 2012 [Yusuke Suzuki](http://github.com/Constellation)
 (twitter: [@Constellation](http://twitter.com/Constellation)) and other contributors.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

  * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

  * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL <COPYRIGHT HOLDER> BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

#### source-map

SourceNodeMocks has a limited interface of mozilla/source-map SourceNode implementations.

Copyright (c) 2009-2011, Mozilla Foundation and contributors
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
  list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

* Neither the names of the Mozilla Foundation nor the names of project
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
  software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
